# Nutrition Table
<br>

## Description
This project was created in collaboration with the Learn JavaScript website aiming to showcase the power of JavaScript to dynamically generate HTML code. Each challenge adds a new feature to the project and expands the comprehension of what JavaScript can do.

This nutrition table contains HTML code generated by JavaScript that builds the structure of the table, including its content. The function ```renderTableRows()``` receives the rows as a paramater in the form of a nested array, provided by the **index.js** file. Then, the function iterates through the array using the ```forEach()``` method, each time assigning the built rows to a variable that is returned at the end of the iteration.

## Executing the Project
As this project doesn't use the HTTP protocol and requires running on a local server because of the modules, I recommend the following steps for execution:

1. Download and install Visual Studio Code.
2. Click the gear icon and select "Extensions".
3. In the search box, type "Live Server" and select it from the search results to install the extension.
4. After installation, a new window will open; click the "Open Folder" button in the "Explorer" tab and select the project folder.
5. On the bottom right corner of the screen, locate the "Go Live" text and click it.
6. This will open the project in your default web browser for testing and execution.
7. To stop the server, simply click the same corner where the port number is now displayed, and the server will terminate.


Visual Studio Code's "Live Server" feature acts as a local server, providing an easy way to execute and test applications without any complications. Although mainly intended for developers, I found it an interesting and useful tool for running this particular application.

## Update History

### Part III
* The function now receives an object as a parameter, each containing the data of one row.
* The function now has to be called three times for each row.

### Part II
* The function ```renderTableRows()``` now receives a nested array as a parameter.
* The function ```renderTableRows()``` is capable of rendering multiple rows.
* With the use of a nested array, it is now possible to use iteration with the ```forEach()``` method.
* The **index.js** file calls the function only once, making the code shorter.

### Part I
* The function ```renderTableRows()``` can only build one row at a time.
* The function ```renderTableRows()``` receives two parameters: **label** and **value**.
* The rows are not built with iteration.
* Consequently, the **index.js** files calls the function three times: one for carbs, one for protein and one for fat.

## Helpful Links
* [Learn JavaScript](https://www.learnjavascript.com/)
* [JavaScript Array Documentation](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array)
* [Template Strings](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Template_literals)
* [Visual Studio Code download](https://code.visualstudio.com/)
